hi guys it's Patrick Fox tutorials here
going to show you how to download and
play c64 games know how you see this
comment on one of the videos when I told
him I would be able to show him how to
this is the video and hopefully they'll
be helpful even for many people who are
you know playing c64 games many many
years ago me maintenance is the
nostalgia alright guys what you need to
do is go to this website first would not
download it
neither down here thickness shows you
where you locally so we wish how you can
download here whichever you are gonna
hold it that's fine install it if you
need it if you're not already and stop
okay next thing give me good sir is that
sure these are links are all in the the
district description if you click
download ok wait for the time up then
download it
see desktop okay now once you've
downloaded it see desktop ok is
extracted so so these you've installed
when I apply / means she'll come up
extract
that's a kawaii me
there's a lot of information there
especially a lot of games from a Suzette
loads and tons of games and how some of
them may not work so please don't
crucify me with the comments not all of
them work but a lot of them do so just
pick let's go through and pick which
ones paperboy works with said classic
wonder buy another classic bean rider
which is another classic they work along
with many others now a lot of them do
require a dry pad our joy joystick to
play okay also giving you the original
layout of the Commodore 64 in the
description as well so you can exactly
which keys to press one needs be okay so
what you need to do is what is extracted
you can either delete that I'll keep it
whichever you want to do what I'm gonna
do now is open okay
okay you'll get loads of these files
don't do the one that you're interested
in is this one here hope you don't
now what you need to do is as you can
see games if you double-click is CCS
this screen will come up just so you
wanna plays wonder by double-click W go
down to wonderboy which is there that's
what when the bytes are as well
just drag it over you can also fight
that forcibly
soon as this comes up as ethnic they
were sucking because it's just loading
it
[Music]
you can tell there's original music
hopefully there's no white if there's
like during playes enjoyment of cotton
it's not really my hip like that's all
there's no like a song it looks
absolutely flawless there's a few
framerate issues but mostly this
structure from playing the game box so
there is Wonder Boy okay come out of it
and open it again that's why I do G I've
read and documentation it helps refresh
the program okay
screw the game's another favorite of
mine is paperboy there we go
again you know a lot of this is just
waited and it's fair amount less time
than the original which could take up to
half an hour what's alone he'll only
press f1 okay when you get the picture
press the left control and that will
people begin
for this game you need a control pad or
a joystick - it will not work we can't
play this game with the keyboard
unfortunately so I was paperboy well a
lot of games I'm trying to pack one I
think miss the 3ds version you know 3d
publicness is back that's how you can do
that I don't know got ping pong
hopefully this will work
it is you not think Boeing yeah I will
just press f1 or the bomb control if
that doesn't work it requires a off
press spacebar which I'm just okay so
just press buttons so my Konami
it's a people like table to the ugly
shaped their level select I think this
requires a control okay that's how you
play come on are 64 games and I've been
doing some more emulators and the best
one I thought what to now which works
flawlessly is the ps1 money not the ps1
one I'll be PS 11 the ps1 emulator so I
begin and that will be showing you how
to install and play ps1 games directly
from your PC's together as long as it's
a DVD Drive and then its input speed you
should be able to play PlayStation 1
games on your PC and I'll show you how
to do that in in the upcoming video ok
guys so that's it enjoy I hope it's
helped you know I hope it's helped the
found out who like to play on the by
kingpost incomplete now it seems on the
second level to the end and Daddy
new keyboard yes so anyway guys I hope
you enjoyed the video please grateful to
subscribe displayed more videos to come
on getting software games music and all
sorts if you've got a idea for a video
or you want me to do a video or
something then I can do it just leave me
a comment well then you come in and I'll
reply
alright guys anyway this is Patrick
fucked and I will be getting back to you
very soon